-- Meeting 3/7 Minutes/Notes

-- From Last Time:
---- Interfaces/Classes for Course, Event on Github

-- Working on categories for contacts/notes
----
---- 2D array, working with categories
---- Talk to Ben to get his input on it
---- File Notes/Contacts under categories of the user's discretion

-- Next Meeting: 3/9
---- Start working on diagrams for the design walkthrough
---- Will - work on Note class
---- Ben - work on diagrams for what's online
---- Matt - work on reading and writing
---- Trent - work on keeping notes/contacts whatever linked together
